• Timestamp (date and time of the comment).
• Client name (user ID).
• Comment description.
• Option to mark the comment as resolved.
• Options to edit or delete the comment.
Employee Login:
Profile Page This page shall display employee details such as name, PAN,
Aadhaar number, contact information, address, employee ID,
profile photo, and option to request a password change to admin.
Dashboard This page shall display a simple counter indicating the number of
agreements assigned to the employee. It shall also include a list of
the five most recent agreements assigned to the employee in
chronological order each with link to its “Contract Page”.
Additionally, the page shall provide a link to the “List of
Contracts Page”.
List of
Contracts Page
This page shall display a list of contracts assigned to that
employee based on the access provided by Admin. It shall contain
contract name, description, contract date, contract period, and
option to view “Contract Page” (specific to that contract). It shall
allow to filtering of contracts based on client name, date wise or
period wise.
Contract
Specific Page
This page is unique to each contract and contains all relevant
contract details, such as the name, description, date, and
duration. It also includes various action buttons, such as:
• Edit contract.
• Reply to client comments.
• Add new comments to any line.
• Open online.
• Open on desktop.
• Delete contract.
• Add new lines to the contract document.
These actions are available based on the permissions set by the
admin.
Admin Login:
Profile Page This page shall display employee details such as name, PAN,
Aadhaar number, contact information, address, profile photo,
change password option.
Dashboard This page shall display a counter showing the total number of
contracts the company has. It will also feature multiple counters
indicating the number of contracts categorized by client, by
employee, by status (open/in progress), and by status (closed—
either delivered or cancelled). Additionally, it shall include lists of
the five most recent contracts sorted by date, contract value, and
contract duration.
List of
Contracts Page
This page shall display a list of all company contracts, including
details such as the contract name, description, date, and duration.
Each entry shall include a button to view the full contract details.
The page shall also allow users filtering of contracts by client
name, date, or contract duration. This page shall also include a
button to the “New Contract Pag