when i open admin accout these pages need be in Admin Login:
Profile Page This page shall display employee details such as name, PAN,
Aadhaar number, contact information, address, profile photo,
change password option.
Dashboard This page shall display a counter showing the total number of
contracts the company has. It will also feature multiple counters
indicating the number of contracts categorized by client, by
employee, by status (open/in progress), and by status (closed—
either delivered or cancelled). Additionally, it shall include lists of
the five most recent contracts sorted by date, contract value, and
contract duration.
List of
Contracts Page
This page shall display a list of all company contracts, including
details such as the contract name, description, date, and duration.
Each entry shall include a button to view the full contract details.
The page shall also allow users filtering of contracts by client
name, date, or contract duration. This page shall also include a
button to the “New Contract Page”.Contract
specific page
This page is unique to each contract and contains all relevant
contract details, such as the name, description, date, and
duration. It also includes various action buttons, such as:
• Edit contract.
• Reply to client comments.
• Add new comments to any line.
• Open online.
• Open on desktop.
• Delete contract.
• Add new lines to the contract document.
New Contract
page
This page allows admin to add new contracts by adding various
details and linking word/excel files from SharePoint (via M365
integration) and provide access to various employees and clients.
User
Management
Page
This page allows the admin to manage passwords, employee
details, and client information. The admin can change employee
passwords and update employee details as needed.
Additionally, the page shall include a table for the admin to
manage access permissions for various employees. This table will
feature:
• A dropdown in the first column to select one or more
employees as Preparers.
• A second column to assign one or more employees
as Reviewers.
• Support for multi-level review functionality.
Controls to manage read, write, edit, and delete access for each of
the above functions on a per-user basis